README.md, before:

# HelpBot-Backend

The Helpbot service leverages Matrix-Synapse, a powerful open-source communication protocol, to serve as the backbone of its chat service. This robust combination ensures secure, real-time messaging capabilities for seamless interactions between users and the chatbot .


# Table content

## [General Information](#general-information)

- [Introduce](#introduce)
* [Matrix-Synapse Server Chat Workflow](#matrix-synapse-server-chat-workflow)
- [Sysem workflow](#system-workflow)
- [Database diagram](#database-diagram)
- [Test Coverage](#test-coverage)
- [Features](#features)

## [Deployment](#deployment)

- [Clone this repository](#1-clone-this-repository)
- [Set up .env file at root project folder base on example.env file](#2-set-up-env-file-at-root-project-folder-base-on-exampleenv-file)
- [Set up enviroment](#3-set-up-enviroment)
- [Run server](#6-run-server)

## [Status](#status)

## [Contact](#contact)

# General Information

## Introduce

- This project serves as the robust foundation for implementing a real-time chat service in your website. Built on the powerful Django framework, this backend provides a secure and scalable solution for handling chat functionality.

## Workflow

### Matrix-Synapse Server Chat Workflow

![Chat flow](/readme_img/matrix_synapse.png)

### System Workflow

![Work flow](/readme_img/system_work_flow.png)

### Database Diagram

Database diagram link: [_here_](https://www.mermaidchart.com/raw/2f76a97a-6dbc-4f46-a8ea-ad516bb257db?theme=light&version=v0.1&format=svg).

![Database diagram](/readme_img/dbdiagram.png)

## Test coverage

To run the tests, check your test coverage, and generate an HTML coverage report:

    $ coverage run -m pytest
    $ coverage html
    $ open htmlcov/index.html

### Result

![Unittest](/readme_img/unittest.png))

## Technology Used

- Python - Version 3.10.12
- Django - Version 4.2.4
- Postgres - Version 13.4
- Django REST framework - Version 3.14.0
- Matrix-client - Version 0.4.0
- Pre-commit Python Flake8 - Version 6.1.0
- Pre-commit Python black - Version 23.7.0

## Features

List the ready features here:

- Create bot chat with script
- Change style widget chat
- Embedding widget chat to other websites
- Mornitoring Chat bot
- Managing account

# Deployment

## 1. Clone this repository

    $ git clone https://github.com/gavin-go-dang/HelpBot-Backend.git

## 2. Set up .env file at root project folder base on **example.env** file

```
DATABASE_URL=
CELERY_BROKER_URL=
USE_DOCKER=

SERVER_URL=
MATRIX_USER=
MATRIX_PASSWORD=

HOMESERVER_USERNAME=
HOMESERVER_PASSWORD=

DNS_SENTRY=
```

## 3. Set up enviroment

    $ virtualenv env
    $ source env/bin/active
    $ pip install -r requirements/local.txt

## 4. Run the migrations

    $ python3 manage.py migrate

## 5. Load data:

    $ python3 manage.py loaddata data_sample.json

## 6. Run Server

    $ python3 manage.py runserver

# Project status

Status: in progress

# Contact

Feel free to contact me! - Email: gavin.dang.goldenowl@gmail.com

Commit message:

fix: add clerk to readme.md

README.md, after:

# HelpBot-Backend

The Helpbot service leverages Matrix-Synapse, a powerful open-source communication protocol, to serve as the backbone of its chat service. This robust combination ensures secure, real-time messaging capabilities for seamless interactions between users and the chatbot .


# Table content

## [General Information](#general-information)

- [Introduce](#introduce)
* [Matrix-Synapse Server Chat Workflow](#matrix-synapse-server-chat-workflow)
- [Sysem workflow](#system-workflow)
- [Database diagram](#database-diagram)
- [Test Coverage](#test-coverage)
- [Features](#features)

## [Deployment](#deployment)

- [Clone this repository](#1-clone-this-repository)
- [Set up .env file at root project folder base on example.env file](#2-set-up-env-file-at-root-project-folder-base-on-exampleenv-file)
- [Set up enviroment](#3-set-up-enviroment)
- [Run server](#6-run-server)

## [Status](#status)

## [Contact](#contact)

# General Information

## Introduce

- This project serves as the robust foundation for implementing a real-time chat service in your website. Built on the powerful Django framework, this backend provides a secure and scalable solution for handling chat functionality. The authentication process is carried out with the Clerk service, providing enhanced security for users' personal data, protecting it from potential server attacks.

## Workflow

### Matrix-Synapse Server Chat Workflow

![Chat flow](/readme_img/matrix_synapse.png)

### System Workflow

![Work flow](/readme_img/system_work_flow.png)

### Database Diagram

Database diagram link: [_here_](https://www.mermaidchart.com/raw/2f76a97a-6dbc-4f46-a8ea-ad516bb257db?theme=light&version=v0.1&format=svg).

![Database diagram](/readme_img/dbdiagram.png)

## Test coverage

To run the tests, check your test coverage, and generate an HTML coverage report:

    $ coverage run -m pytest
    $ coverage html
    $ open htmlcov/index.html

### Result

![Unittest](/readme_img/unittest.png)

## Technology Used

- Python - Version 3.10.12
- Django - Version 4.2.4
- Postgres - Version 13.4
- Django REST framework - Version 3.14.0
- Matrix-client - Version 0.4.0
- Pre-commit Python Flake8 - Version 6.1.0
- Pre-commit Python black - Version 23.7.0
- Clerk

## Features

List the ready features here:

- Create bot chat with script
- Change style widget chat
- Embedding widget chat to other websites
- Mornitoring Chat bot
- Managing account

## Clerk - Webhook endpoint
In this project, Clerk is utilized for authentication purposes. It serves as a connection point where Clerk can send notifications or data related to important events such as user authentication, account information changes, or other events related to personal data.

The Clerk Webhook Endpoint plays a crucial role in maintaining a secure and continuous connection between your application and the Clerk service, enabling seamless and secure data handling.

Absolutely, utilizing Clerk helps to mitigate the risk to customer's personal information in case of server attacks or disruptions.

# Deployment

## 1. Clone this repository

    $ git clone https://github.com/gavin-go-dang/HelpBot-Backend.git

## 2. Set up .env file at root project folder base on **example.env** file

```
DATABASE_URL=
CELERY_BROKER_URL=
USE_DOCKER=

SERVER_URL=
MATRIX_USER=
MATRIX_PASSWORD=

HOMESERVER_USERNAME=
HOMESERVER_PASSWORD=

DNS_SENTRY=
```

## 3. Set up enviroment

    $ virtualenv env
    $ source env/bin/active
    $ pip install -r requirements/local.txt

## 4. Run the migrations

    $ python3 manage.py migrate

## 5. Load data

    $ python3 manage.py loaddata data_sample.json

## 6. Run Server

    $ python3 manage.py runserver

## 7. Set up Clerk
 Flow this docs, set up endpoint webhook with endpoint  `your_domain/users/api/clerk-create/`

# Project status

Status: in progress

# Contact

Feel free to contact me! - Email: gavin.dang.goldenowl@gmail.com
